[KB] Add monorepo example config (#1551)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/scan-monorepo-in-parts.md

To split up your monorepo, you need to make two changes. First, use the `--include` flag to determine *how* you want to logically split up the code. Second, update the `SEMGREP_REPO_DISPLAY_NAME` environment variable to assign findings to separate projects in Semgrep AppSec Platform. 

For example, if the monorepo has four main modules and their paths (relative to the repository root) are:

    src/moduleA
    src/moduleB
    src/moduleC
    src/moduleD

> Then splitting its scans into four separate scans, one for each module, would provide a logical separation for findings. In general, we recommend modules to not exceed ~100,000 lines of code in order to keep optimal scan time and efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then splitting its scans into four separate scans, one for each module, would provide a logical separation for findings. In general, we recommend that modules not exceed ~100,000 lines of code in order to maintain optimal scan time and efficiency.
```

After choosing a logical split, use the `--include` flag ([see CLI reference](/docs/cli-reference)) with the relevant path to only scan files in that module's code path:

>     semgrep ci --include=src/moduleA/**

Reviewer: Are the ** actually necessary? My understanding of our includes is that we don't really need any wildcards because of how we parse them. To test this just now, I ran a scan on juice-shop with `--include=frontend` and it scanned all the files underneath.

Author: to my understanding * means all files but won't go deeper than the current level. ** means all files and folders underneath and including the current path level

Reviewer: That's normally true, but I don't believe it applies to the parser that we use - I dug into this a while back, and I also checked just now with the logs from the scan I tried.

Author: Based on [this convo](https://semgrepinc.slack.com/archives/C048LGPK46L/p1716418818578379?thread_ts=1716414918.816559&cid=C048LGPK46L) I'm inclined to write the include in the proper gitignore spec format in the hopes that it's fixed when we move to osemgrep, so we don't have to come back here and update the KB doc.

Reviewer: Fair enough!
